### Prediction Model for Insurance Claim in Sharia-Based Insurance Company

A fictitious `social insurance` company based on `sharia` named "Sure Tomorrow" wants to solve some problems with the help of *machine learning*. This company, wants to create a model that can predict whether their prospective clients as `beneficiaries of insurance` or as `insurance donors`. The company's profits are obtained from the services offered to `insurance donors`, this company wants to create a balance between `beneficiaries of insurance` and `insurance donors` so that the company's operations continue. Companies have dataset to train models based on their prospective clients personal information such as `gender`, `age`, `income`, `family_members`, and `insurance_benefits`. Some of the tasks that the `model` must be able to complete the tasks below:

- Task 1: Find clients that are similar to certain client criteria. This task will make it easier for companies to do marketing.
- Task 2: Predict whether a new client is likely to take `insurance claims` or as `insurance donor`. Are the predictions of the model better than those of the *dummy* model?
- Task 3: Predict the amount of `insurance claims` that `new clients` might receive using a `linear regression` model.
- Task 4: Protect client `private data` without breaking the model from the previous task. It is essential to develop data `transformation algorithms` that can prevent misuse of clients' personal information if it falls into the wrong hands. This is called `data hiding` or `data obfuscation`. However, it is also necessary to pay attention to the data protection procedures so that the quality of the *machine* learning model does not decrease.

| Project | Description | Library |
| ------- | ------- | ------- |
| [Prediction Model for Insurance Claim ](https://github.com/fuadraharjo/TripleTen_ENG/blob/main/Project-09%20-%20Prediction%20Model%20for%20Insurance%20Claim/Prediction%20model%20%20for%20insurance%20claim%20in%20sharia-based%20insurance%20company.ipynb) | Model prediction for `insurance claim` in `sharia-based insurance company` uses the `k-nearest neighbor` and `linear regression` algorithms. Data obfuscation (`data protection`) is performed to maintain client privacy in the case of data leak. | *pandas*, *numpy*, *sklearn*, *matplotlib*, *seaborn*, *math*, $\LaTeX$ |