### Improving Services and Price Prediction Models on the Airbnb Platform Using AI

Airbnb is an online platform that allows individuals to rent out their residences to guests seeking temporary accommodation. The name `Airbnb` itself is an abbreviation of `Air Bed & Breakfast` referring to its beginnings when this platform focused on providing a bed in people's homes and breakfast. However, over time, Airbnb has evolved into a broader platform, covering various types of accommodation, including apartments, houses, villas, cabins, and even unique places like tents, castles, or tree houses.

The data source comes from open source, namely [Inside Air BnB] (http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data/). This source has various `Airbnb listing` data from various parts of the world to share publicly consisting of `calendar`, `listing`, `neighborhoods`, `location maps`, and also `reviews` datasets. I took a dataset for the `United States` region, specifically `Los Angeles` which has quite a lot of data to process. The author took this topic only to complete the final project of the `TripleTen Indonesia online boot camp` and not for special research. The information contained herein is of an initiative by self and is not detailed field facts. Everything is purely from the author and not a request from 'Airbnb' or other parties for commercial purposes. Let's start:

Currently, Airbnb is a platform that is growing quite rapidly. Airbnb admits that if more and more `hosts` are registering `listings` on their platform but they don't know the appropriate price to display on their `listing`, then their `listing` could be considered `cheap` or too `expensive` which results in `host` will experience a `loss` or `not sell`. Airbnb wants on their platform, when a `host` wants to create a `listing` based on their `facilities`, the platform will provide a `price recommendation`, so that the `host` can adjust the price based on that recommendation.

In addition, Airbnb complained that there were unfavorable reviews based on `reviews` from `users` who had purchased services through their platform. This will certainly reduce the company's reputation and profits. Airbnb wants to find several 'hosts' who provide poor facilities to give `warnings` and `feedback` so that they don't repeat their actions. Apart from that, Airbnb also wants to find several `hosts` who provide the best service based on reviews to be given awards and become the best models for their `campaign`. Some `users` who are disappointed will be given `attractive promotions` to remain loyal to using this platform, while `users` who are loyal to them will be given attractive `badges` for them.

Airbnb also wants to create a display on their platform to check their availability so they can determine which locations are quite busy or quiet. From there they can market to quiet `regions` and `dates` to provide attractive promotions.

| Project | Description | Library |
| ------- | ------- | ------- |
| [Sentiment Reviews and Rental Price Prediction Model]() | Analyze `sentiment` based on `reviews` using `SiEBERT` trained model and train `machine learning model` to predict rental prices. Business analysis is carried out for `sales estimates` for the next year, analyze level of availability and calculating `sales estimates` in the `last 3 months` using the `number of reviews` on the Airbnb platform. | *pandas*, *matplotlib*, *seaborn*, *re*, *geopandas*, *numpy*, *tqdm*, *googletrans*, *string*, *transformers*, *warnings*, *sklearn*, *lightgbm*, *folium*, *math*, *SQLAlchemy*, *PostgreSQL* |